chore(docs): Add `wrapRootElement` + Head API limitation (#36580)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reference/built-in-components/gatsby-head.md

- The `Head` function needs to return valid JSX.
- Valid tags inside the `Head` function are: `link`, `meta`, `style`, `title`, `base`, `script`, and `noscript`.
- Data block `<script>` tags such as `<script type="application/ld+json">` can go in the `Head` function, but dynamic scripts are better loaded with the [Gatsby Script Component](/docs/reference/built-in-components/gatsby-script/) in your pages or components.

> - As of now, `Head` doesn't wrap with [`WrapRootElement`](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-browser/#wrapRootElement) so you can't use context that are provided by [`WrapRootElement`](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-browser/#wrapRootElement) in `Head`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of now, `Head` can't access [React Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html) that you defined in the [`wrapRootElement` API](/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-browser/#wrapRootElement).
```

The sentence was too complicated

```jsx:title=gatsby-ssr.jsx
const React = require(`react`)
const SomeContext = React.createContext()

exports.wrapRootElement = ({ element }) => (
  <SomeContext.Provider value={{ some: `value` }}>
    {element}
  </SomeContext.Provider>
)
```

```jsx:title=src/page/index.jsx
const Index = () => <h1>Hello</h1>

export default Index

export const Head = () => {
  const value = React.useContext(SomeContext) //You can't access context value provided via wrapRootElement

  return <title>{value}</title>
}

> ```

Reviewer: I don't see value in showing code that doesn't work. The other limitations also don't have examples and the text description itself should be precise enough to explain things. People copy/paste code examples, whether they work or not.

- The `Head` function needs to return valid JSX.
- Valid tags inside the `Head` function are: `link`, `meta`, `style`, `title`, `base`, `script`, and `noscript`.
- Data block `<script>` tags such as `<script type="application/ld+json">` can go in the `Head` function, but dynamic scripts are better loaded with the [Gatsby Script Component](/docs/reference/built-in-components/gatsby-script/) in your pages or components.

> - As of now, you can't access context provided via [`WrapRootElement`](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-browser/#wrapRootElement) inside the `Head` function

Reviewer 2: do you mean `apiCallbackContext: object, pluginOptions: pluginOptions` here? should we provide an example maybe or make it more clear?

Author: Sure! I'll add an example
